== README

Link to the Heroku Deployment : http://sleepy-garden-67038.herokuapp.com/

Credentials for root user :
Username: root@ncsu.edu
Password: root

Github link : https://github.com/mghegde/LibraryRoomBookingApp

The Library booking application provides a platforms to admins and members to make reservations. The following points need to be considered while booking a room :

1.	Reservations 

  a)	Reservations can be made for 2 hour slots.
  b)	A reservation is cancelled when the booking period is over or manually earlier.
  c)	Reservations are available upto a week in advance.
  d)	Any member can reserve any room any room as long it is available and the member does not have any other active reservations.
  e)	Admins can reserve rooms on behalf of members.
  f)	A library member can reserve only one room at a particular date and time. Only after his/her reservation is released, he/she can    proceed to reserve another room. But an admin can allow a library member to reserve multiple rooms at one time.
  g)	If a member has made a reservation , then the system can send email notifications in his/her team with the details about the       reservation. For this the admin or member should enter the email addresses of the team members separated by commas while making the      reservations.

2.	Admins

  a)	There is a root admin with credentials :- 
  Email : root@ncsu.edu
  Passwoord: root
  b)	The root admin credentials cannot be edited and the root admin cannot be deleted by any other admin
  c)	Admins can create another admins or members.
  d)	You cannot signup as an admin all by yourself.
  e)	Admins can log in with an email and password.
  f)	Each admin can edit his/her details.    
  g)	Manage admins :
  •	Admins can view the list of all the admins and their profile details (except password).
  •	Admins can delete admins (except himself/herself and root admin)
  h)	Manage rooms: 
  •	Admins can create new rooms.
  •	Admins can view details and schedules of all the rooms.
  •	Delete a room from the system.
  •	If a room is deleted during an active reservation , the room as well as the reservation will get deleted. The room is no longer         available in the search options or manage reservations tab.
  i)	Manage members :
  •	View the list of all the library members and their profile details (except password)
  •	View the reservation history of a library member
  •	Delete a library member
  •	If a member with an active reservation is deleted , then the member as well as the reservation will be deleted.

3.	Members:

  a)	A library member will have the following attributes: email (unique for each member), name and password.
  b)	Anyone can sign up as a library member using their email, name and password.
  c)	Members can Log in with email and password.
  d)	Edit her/his profile details.
  e)	Search rooms using room number, size, building or status.
  f)	Book a room if its status is “Available”.
  g)	Delete his own reservation.
  h)	View his/her past reservations.




